1.Create a Vehicle class with max_speed and mileage as instance attributes.

2.Create child class Bus that will inherit all of the variables and methods of the Vehicle class.

3.Write a program to find the second largest element in a list.

4.Write a Python class which has two methods get_String and print_String. get_String accept a string from the user and print_String   print the string in upper case.

5.Person class and child Student class:
 Create a Python class Person with attributes: name and age of type string.
 Create a display() method that displays the name and age of an object created via the Person class.
 Create a child class Student  which inherits from the Person class and which also has a section attribute.
 Create a method displayStudent() that displays the name, age and section of an object created via the Student class.
 Create a student object via an instantiation on the Student class and then test the displayStudent method.
 
6.book class
 Define a Book class with the following attributes: Title, Author (Full name), Price.
 Define a constructor used to initialize the attributes of the method with values entered by the user.
 Set the View() method to display information for the current book.
 
7.Create a function employee_details() in such a way that it should accept employee name, and it’s salary and display both, and if the salary is missing in function call it should show it as 9000.
8.Bank Account class

 Create a Python class called BankAccount which represents a bank account, having as attributes: accountNumber (numeric type), name   (name of the account owner as string type), balance.
 Create a constructor with parameters: accountNumber, name, balance.
 Create a Deposit() method which manages the deposit actions.
 Create a Withdrawal() method  which manages withdrawals actions.
 Create an bankFees() method to apply the bank fees with a percentage of 5% of the balance account.
 Create a display() method to display account details.
 
9.Write a function  such that it can accept a variable length of  argument and print all arguments value  one by one.

10.Write a program to count the total no:of digits in a given number.

11.Get the key corresponding to the minimum value from the following dictionary.

12.Count all lower case, upper case, digits, and special symbols from a given string.

14.Write a program to generate a list of prime numbers in a given range

15.Write a program which will find all such numbers which are divisible by 7 but are not a multiple of 5,  within given range.

16.Write a program which will find all such numbers which are divisible by 7 but are not a multiple of 5,  within given range.

17.Let 'n' be the limit, then print first n terms of fibonocci series.

18.Write a function called showNumbers that takes a parameter called limit. It should print all the numbers between 0 and limit with a label to identify the even and odd numbers. For example, if the limit is 3, it should print:
    0 EVEN
    1 ODD
    2 EVEN
    3 ODD
